To start with.
Yes I'm back in J.S. Fedele ask before if you don't like tasteful you could use a local set up however
I will say one thing right away react genius doesn't work in a local set up out of the box.
You need some as six features and you need a trance piler like Babel to make these features work in
all browsers.
And it also adds one special thing.
Chase x 2 which I will come back which will also need the trans piler like be able to work.
That is why I recommend going with chairs full for now or later in this module.
Will of course also have a look at a local Setubal workflow.
So let's get started in chess fiddle since it uses as I just mentioned ESX to work as it should to work
and since it needs this extra feature we should switch from javascript here to be able to decompiler
being babbel so that we can use this special feature I'm referring to after we did this we can simply
search for re-act chess to find it here.
The Facebook Facebook page and then click on Dock's installation to well install it here.
You also find instructions on how to set it up locally.
Again we will do this later.
So for now I will scroll to the very bottom to find the Cdn links to again fetch the packages we need
from a server and then use them.
I will use DS to imports the first two which are optimized for development with some extra messages
warning messages and so on.
And we actually need both links here.
We can now just drop them into Geass fiddle.
And why do we need two packages.
Because reactors simply split over two packages.
One for the core features of react and one for the interaction with the DOM.
You could say and I guess you can tell by the name which package is responsible for what.
There are two imports added.
Now let's create a first basic app and data will actually look like how we did it in future years will
create a day of year with an idea of app and that name is totally up to you India and you could choose
any name you want here.
In chess you can't just type hash text app and tap.
And now we want to control that idea with react.
However here we will already see a first major difference to view chess.
We can now simply use react on this is exposed by the second import and there the render method which
allows us as you guessed probably to render something to the Dom to HVM else so to say the render method
takes two arguments the first argument is what do we want to render the second argument is where do
we want to render it.
Now what can be HVM Alico though it isn't aged him all the code but I will come back to this.
We could say piece a paragraph Max to output Max as a name and of course choose whatever you want to
output here.
And if you're already thinking well what HMO code in javascript What's that.
You're on the right track.
I will come back to what that is in the next lecture.
The second argument as I said is where do we want to render this.
And we want to render it inside of this div.
So we have to pass a reference to this actually was simply selected with document COLLAERY selector
for example.
So normal javascript code and your hash tag app in the string and I'll just bring this to a new line
so that it can read it.
If we now add control enter we see Max you're on the right.
And if we inspect this here like that you see that it indeed outputs this paragraph with this special
attribute with Max in between.
And that at all is kept death with the ID app dead as a first very basic re-act app.
And now let's talk about this thing here which certainly is not normal Javascript code.